Adding CRA to FAQ (#69)
CanopyTax/single-spa.js.org: docs/faq.md

Some options on _how_ to update your import map include:
* Server render your `index.html` with the import map inlined. This does not mean that your DOM elements need to all be server rendered, but just the `<script type="systemjs-importmap>` element. Provide an API that either updates a database table or a file local to the server.
* Have your import map itself on a CDN, and use [import-map-deployer](https://github.com/CanopyTax/import-map-deployer) or similar to update the import map during your CI process. This method has a small impact on performance, but is generally easier to setup if you don't have a server-rendered setup already. (You can also [preload](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Preloading_content) the import map file to help provide a small speed boost). See [example travis.yml](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-root-config/blob/master/.travis.yml). Other CI tools work, too.

## Create react app

> Currently create react app requires ejecting or using a tool to modify the webpack config like: https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired/blob/master/README.md consider some of the alternatives for working with single-spa: https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app#popular-alternatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Create React App (CRA) requires [ejecting](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md#npm-run-eject) or [using a tool](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired/blob/master/README.md) to modify the webpack config.  You can also consider some of the [popular alternatives to CRA](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app#popular-alternatives).

The reason for this is because, when you use the [recommended setup](#is-there-a-recommended-setup), your webpack's [`output.libraryTarget`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/output/#outputlibrarytarget) needs to be either `System`, `UMD`, or `AMD`.  CRA does not allow you to output to these formats without ejecting or using another tool. 
```
